Demo Over View and Faqs:
a) When was Power BI Announced?
	July-2013
b) What kind of versioning we have in PBI?
	No versioning and we have monthly update
c) Why we have monthly update and what it has in every month?
	To continously monitor market and to add cutting edge technologies.
	a) New features
	b) Deprecations [Functionality Removed]
	c) Upcoming features [ Preview Features]
	d) Changes to the existing [Functionality Modified]
d) What exactly PBI has than MSBI [First MS BI Product]? 
	1) SSBI Single Application 
	2) More support to cloud
	3) More mobile and tab friendly
	4) Wonderful support for embedding
	5) Multiple langugaes integration [R, Python, Machine Learning etc.]
	6) Has capability to develop own visuals
	7) Simple and Easy to Operate
e) Input and Output of PBI?

	Input: AnyType of Data, AnyFormat of Data, AnyMode of Data
		
		AnyType of Data:
				Structured, Semi-Structured, Unstructured
		AnyFormat:
				File Format / Two-Dimensional Table / Multi-Dimensional Cube / Compressed
		AnyMode:
				Cloud:  Other organizations storage
				On-Premise: Within the organzation storage

	Output: Report / Dashboard

		Report:
			a) Individual Operation Specification Component
			b) Contain more visuals and displays more data
			c) Companies maintain multiple reports 

		Dashboard:
			a) Single subject area specification component
			b) Contain less visuals and simple cute visuals for quick decision making
			c) Usally limited dashboards in the organization
			Note: Multiple reports information we take in a place...that is dashboard


What is Power Platform?
		 A newly introduced platform [2019] with the below components
		a) Power BI: Generate reports and dashboards
		b) Power Apps: No Code / Low Code approach to generate mobile / tab friendly apps
		c) Power Automate: Automate the process by creating flows.
			Ex: As soon as you receive an email the DWH loading should be triggered
			   Once you receive an email your watch should alarm
		d) Virtual Agent:
			To create intelligent chotbots with less code
		e) Power Pages

		Note: MS is the leader for Power APps, Power Automate, Power BI

What are the important components Power Bi has?

		Cloud Operations: [Companies do not require server, storage and managing in their area]

		a) Power BI Desktop:
			SSBI application to perform end-end operations
		b) Power Bi Service:
				It is cloud service for reports, dashboards storage and management
				It requires an account to work with [Free, Pro, Premium, Embedded]

			Note: PBI Service store its information in Azure Cloud [Blob, Datalake, SQL Database]
		
		On-Premise Operations: [Companies who wants have server, storage and managing in their area]

		a) Power Bi Desktop for Report Server:
			SSBI application to perform end-end operations
		b) Power Bi Server:
				It is On-Premises server for reports, dashboards storage and management
				It requires windows credentials to work with [Free, Pro, Premium, Embedded]

				Note: SQL Server Storage

		Other Components:

		a) Power BI Developer:
				1. To create our own visual
				2. To maintain embedding codes to place in web portals / blogs / applications


		b) Power BI for Mobile

		c) Paginated Report Builder

				PBI Desktop: Rports are non paginated. [since 2013]
				
				Paginated Report Builder: 2017 added. Its not new...it iss SSRS component.

				Pagination:
					a) Which is printable
					b) Data can split into multiple pages
					Note: 100 records should split into 10 pages with each page 10 records



















	






















In case any value missing...will be treated as NULL in Power Query and BLANK in Power View

